Create minimize term for python scipy-optimize. (#5908)
Codecademy/docs: content/scipy/concepts/scipy-optimize/terms/minimize/minimize.md

---

> Title: 'minimize()'
> Description: 'Returns the minimum of a scalar function of one or more variables using SciPy.'  
> Subjects: 
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Machine Learning'
> Tags:
>   - 'Python'
>   - 'Optimization'
>   - 'Mathematics'
>   
>  
> CatalogContent: 
>   - 'learn-python'
>   - 'paths/data-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'minimize()'
Description: 'Returns the minimum of a scalar function of one or more variables using optimization methods from SciPy.'  
Subjects: 
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Machine Learning'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Optimization'
  - 'Python'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python'
  - 'paths/data-science'
```

---

> **minimize()** is a function in the SciPy library used to find the minimum of a scalar function. It offers various optimization algorithms, including gradient-based and derivative-free methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`minimize()`** function in the SciPy library is used to find the minimum of a scalar function. It provides various optimization algorithms, including both gradient-based and derivative-free methods.
```

## Syntax

```python
scipy.optimize.minimize(fun, x0, args=(), method=None, jac=None, hess=None, constraints=(), bounds=None, tol=None, options=None)
```

## Parameters

> - **fun**: The objective function to be minimized.
> - **x0**: Initial guess for the variables.
> - **args**: Extra arguments passed to the objective function.
> - **method**: The optimization method to use (e.g., 'BFGS', 'Nelder-Mead').
> - **jac**: (Optional) The gradient (Jacobian) of the objective function.
> - **hess**: (Optional) The Hessian matrix of the objective function.
> - **constraints**: (Optional) Constraints definition.
> - **bounds**: (Optional) Bounds on variables.
> - **tol**: (Optional) Tolerance for termination.
> - **options**: (Optional) A dictionary of solver options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fun`: The objective function to be minimized.
- `x0`: Initial guess for the variables.
- `args`: Extra arguments passed to the objective function.
- `method`: The optimization method to use (e.g., `'BFGS'`, `'Nelder-Mead'`, `'Powell'`, etc.).
- `jac` (Optional): The gradient (Jacobian) of the objective function. If not provided, numerical differentiation is used.
- `hess` (Optional): The Hessian matrix of the objective function. Typically used with second-order methods like 'Newton-CG' or 'trust-ncg'.
- `constraints` (Optional): Constraints definition. Can include equality or inequality constraints.
- `bounds` (Optional): Bounds on variables.
- `tol` (Optional): Tolerance for termination. Specifies the convergence threshold.
- `options` (Optional): A dictionary of additional options specific to the selected optimization method (e.g., maximum number of iterations, tolerance, etc.).
```

## Returns

> - **result**: An `OptimizeResult` object containing the optimization result.

Reviewer: Can we reframe this to:

"It returns an `OptimizeResult` object with the optimal solution, function value at the solution, success status, and other optimization details."

> ## Example Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py
```

from scipy.optimize import minimize

# Define the objective function
def objective_function(x):
    return x**2

# Initial guess
x0 = 2

# Perform the minimization
result = minimize(objective_function, x0)

# Print the result
print("Optimal value:", result.fun)
print("Optimal point:", result.x)
```

> 

Reviewer: Please add an output block below this, wrapped in the ```shell``` block. Also explain the code a bit

## Codebyte Example (if applicable)

> We can currently support:
> 
> - Python
> - JavaScript
> - Ruby
> - C++
> - C#
> - Go
> - PHP
> 
> See [content-standards.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md) for more details!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```codebyte/python
from scipy.optimize import minimize

# Define the objective function
def objective_function(x):
    return x**2

# Initial guess
x0 = 2

# Perform the minimization
result = minimize(objective_function, x0)

# Print the result
print("Optimal value:", result.fun)

> print("Optimal point:", result.x)

Reviewer: Please add a different example, this is similar to the above example
